# Team Meeting on March 27th
## Meeting Start Time
2022/3/27/18:00

## Meeting End Time
2022/3/27/18:52

## Medium
Microsoft Teams Meeting

## Present
Jake, Andrew, Jaren, Austin

## Minute Recorder
Jake

## Topics Discussed
<ul>
    <li>Went over and discussed potential new documentation layout
    <li>Discussed each team member's role and progress
    <li>Discussed how we'd like the finished product of the project to looks
</ul>

## Things Clarified
<ul>
    <li>Clarified which design choices we will be making for the rest of the iteration
    <li>Clarified that we will merge the new branches together to get a better understanding of the complete design
</ul>