# Mentor Meeting on October 20th
## Meeting Start Time
2021/10/20/17:47

## Meeting End Time
2021/10/20/18:09

## Medium
Microsoft Teams Meeting

## Present
Jake, Andrew, Jaren, Austin, Ryland

## Minute Recorder
Austin, Jaren

## Topics Discussed
<ul>
    <li>Got feedback on the progress made so far in the iteration
    <li>Discussed possible features to implement
</ul>

## Things Clarified
<ul>
    <li>Clarification on how we can make the frontend better
    <li>Clarification on what libraries and/or example API's we can use for the sake of presentation
</ul>